{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Age UK\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Criteria for match at the moment\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Similar interests. Hobbies in past/at the moment. Housebound that enjoyed traveling\
Availability (calls/work/commitments)\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 How does current volunteer system work\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Express interest over phone or email\
Surveymonkey links provide work reference, friend reference, enrolment (name address avail etc\'85), sensitive areas such as loss from cancer not wanting to talk. Areas of experience happy to talk about\
PowerPoint presentation event by eventbrite\
Surveymonkey (can/can't do rules) - can't visit etc\
Database at the moment volunteers log into to log calls\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Looking into app/sms notification reminders/app confirm action taken\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Do we have any access to the current data setup?
\b0 \
Can demo Surveymonkey and show pdf. Can show "charitylog" details with client data removed.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Background checks with volunteers?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Line manager reference and friend non relative reference as most are from firms like JP. Would like to move public with DVS checks. Option to request existing ones, or submit new one.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Are you against meeting?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Yes for the purpose of the programme. People have left in past to meet.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 What about texting?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Yes. Something considering. Reminder texting - Merry Christmas/Happy Easter ones. Text a number to communicate with rep? Most don't have phones but may be option.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Video calling?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Isn't massively popular but may be popular 5 years time. Skype/FaceTime\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Ratings of experience?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 People are generally honest. May be useful to determine relationships that aren't working. Evaluation questions about whether it's improving their daily lives. Elderly on phone. Others on Surveymonkey.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Can 2 elderly people connect with each other?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Possibly as a progression or offer elderly helpers. Need to check motivations between persons\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Limitations on number people a volunteer can communicate with?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Corporates are only able to give up short time so 1 person 30 mins. Age uk dedicated take 2-3 sometimes\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 How do people get on this system?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 165 local age uk around the country refer to 'us' for volunteers and external organisations can provide elderly users details. Can have place on site to refer people.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Are volunteers compensated for costs?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 As its corporates at the moment the companies cover the cost of the call. Idea for future Is helper logs into site to commence call. It links the two.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 DPA for volunteers?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Details stored in secure database. Only general area stored and details about preferences. If volunteer wants to add info for age uk records but not given to elderly can add information.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 What do you want done with data?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 3k volunteering enquiries overwhelming at the moment. Interest wanes with slow replies. Need to be smart with on boarding and data handling/feeding back.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf2 \ul Idea for future. May be out of scope
\i0\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 Identifying areas where helpers are needed. Identify trends of lonely users by location/interests
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Concern logging\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Box on meeting log. Contents sent to them via email. If worried about person can fill in box (eg anniversary of bereavement or feeling down). Idea adding prioritising of referrals. Urgent - help needed now vs moderate concern - should look in?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Geographic location\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 50 miles away distance minimum (roughly) emphasising the "don't visit" - one thing done is connection based on other areas say the place they were evacuated to to initiate a discussion about how it's changed. As a conversation starter\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 You have devs. What do you want us to do?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Good comms tools and linking of relations is key. Easy sign up. easy info (convey rules and reminders). Easy to use on the day. Easy feedback.\
Ensure the signup and info gathering process is handled correctly.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 If I volunteer & schedule. Can rescheduling/cancellations be done eg illness?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Currently calls are covered by other people from age uk where explanation is given to ensure they still care.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Handling no response?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Complete database entry with no response which is followed up. Could just be an appointment or something came up}